Bump version 8.9.0 (#1249)
newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent: CHANGELOG.md

    Previously, when using infinite tracing, the agent would intermittently encounter a deadlock when attempting to restart the infinite tracing connection. This bug would prevent the agent from sending all data types, including non-infinite-tracing-related data. This change reworks how we restart infinite tracing to prevent potential deadlocks.

  * **Bugfix: Use read_nonblock instead of read on pipe**

>     Previously, our PipeChannelManager was using read which could cause resque jobs to get stuck in some versions. This change updates the PipeChannelManager to use read_nonblock instead to avoid this issue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Previously, our PipeChannelManager was using read which could cause Resque jobs to get stuck in some versions. This change updates the PipeChannelManager to use read_nonblock instead. This method can leverage error handling to allow the instrumentation to gracefully log a message and exit the stuck Resque job. 
```
